yo what's going on YouTube know who it
is this me a 89 skills and welcome back
to another one of my videos and this one
is formation Opie or not and we're going
to talk about the 442 formation today
and I absolutely oh yes baby a lot of
information this formation is very very
very strong I'm not gonna call it Opie
but i'ma say it's strong attacking it's
a strong offensively defensively hey I'm
not a big fan of it defensively but me
as a FIFA player I suffer goes I'm not
gonna lie to you every time I win a game
I win like 43 63 I score goals I'm an
offensive player I'm not there to be
passing the ball along the back I like
scoring goals baby that's why I play
football right so I like scoring goals
I'm not good defensively so 442 works
for me because I can score a lot of
goals with this formation so what makes
this formation so good so as we look at
my team that I'm running right now now
got my boy bail all right I got bail
with 93 place pays playing left striker
which I wish I could have him on the
right Stryker position but I couldn't
make it fit with Ronaldo not one of the
portuguese man on this team so I got
bail playing a left striker in 93 pace
ah he's my fast striker that I need then
I got my boy evila now my boy Eva thank
you JJ I appreciate that baby my boy
abra got himself 82 pace and 88 passing
and a 98 shot okay so what makes Eber so
good is not the pace not the shot
nothing it's the strength he knocks
anybody off the ball doesn't matter Pepe
said your Ramos Thiago Silva don't
matter get the hell off me betta go to
the floor he throws him to the floor
he's all alone and it works perfectly
why because Bale is my fast man ebah is
my big man yet so i still-- things
broken in this game in my opinion the
first thing is I don't know why EA has a
nerf this stuff yet first of all during
the wintertime or when this game first
came out there like oh my gosh finesse
shots they still appear less Knar from
brood so they nerfed them but then they
said oh over the top oh yeah those are
open let's keep them come on that should
have been nerfed over the top through
passes are stupid but if it's broken and
you can win with it abuse it that's what
that you play fifa what you play fifa to
do you play fifa to lose answer the
question do you play fifa to lose I
think so you play fifa with so why not
if you abuse what's broken now what
makes this for measure so good as that
if you hold left bumper and
or on PlayStation 4 my playstation
people left our left one right l want
your L 1 and X is the 1 2 passen you can
one to pass this with this formation all
the way up the pitch if you got Reynaldo
father gas is pretty much always going
to be beside Ronaldo and for now though
if Fabregas isn't there bail is gonna be
beside ronaldo 12 with them two up two
up top you're gonna have bail and even
pretty much always beside themselves
Fabregas and my Tweety always gonna be
beside themselves and then you got Lucas
who is always going to be beside
somebody so you can always 12 with this
formation I what's the next broken thing
in FIFA heading heading is broken
headers are freaking o P I so
over-the-top threw passes 12 passing and
headers those things crazy so o P so now
you 12 it my tweets gonna 12 it to Lucas
down the wing cross then to Eva and you
know like ninety-nine point nine percent
of time little bit of booyaa right so
the way I like to run this formation i
got my fast strike at my strong striker
got really really Pacey wing is lucas
ronaldo obviously very very fast then I
got father guys who was a great passer
hi he gots the 93 pass I got him out of
a pack he's not that quick he's not
bringing a lot to the defense he's just
a good dribbler and he passes the ball
well and my Tweety I play him because 85
defense I like having someone has
defensive stats in my mid field because
I'm gonna suffer a lot of goals this
formation and I know it so that's how I
run this team very strong midfield one
pass or one defense one guy in the front
one fast one strong very phase fast
wingers on the side and i'ma show you
some clips of the way i abused the 12
with this team and how i win a lot of
games with the broken broken thing in
this game it's just it's it's broken
mechanics that i abused when i run the
442 and it's what I think makes it Opie
offensively very very bad defensively in
my opinion but let me jump into some
clips and show you if it's Opie oh I'm
not let's do it is so on this first clip
I get the ball of my Tweety I can either
go to Eber go to Lucas I decided to go
to Lucas then the Ebro then back to
Lucas and I'm pretty much in and that's
all because of the 12 l 1 X left bumper
a then i seee brunning that back post
all this was because of the 12 s wit
lucas i try to send it over to
but as you can see I fail in the cross
and locks on to bail but if that ball
would've went to e bruh that was a for
sure goal and again it's all because of
a broken mechanic with the 12 passing up
the field with the 442 right here just a
simple over the top through pass i do
the 12 between ebro and i believe that
was my Tweety he swings it over the
ibrahim al one tues nice little over the
top ebers there bang ebro with a nice
finish he's my guy with the strength
when he when you over the top of the
Eber when he brings it down his chest
It's A Wrap yo there's nobody stopping
them here I could just do a little easy
one to flick it over the top look at a
breeze and take it down with his chest
ain't no one catch them bang back at the
net so there it is boys easy one to pass
and go for a lot of crossing 442 opens
up the pitch for you to use a little 120
p thing and that's why I think 442 is a
great formation for offense defense not
so much but hope you guys enjoyed this
open your not so the first formation we
did was the false night and I said that
was a pretty good formation 442 I
approve that formation as well let me
know in the comments down below what
formation you want to see next one
before 51 maybe four three three maybe
four whatever you want to see let me
know when the comments down below make
sure to drop like isn't your first time
watching make sure to subscribe them
your boy double a non skills I see you
next time
you